Home | Blueshift Asset Management
About
Blueshift Asset Management, LLC is an alternative investment manager. Founded in 2017, Blueshift maintains equity market neutral strategies that leverage the firm’s core experience in systematic investing.
For additional information, please email: IR@blueshift.am
Careers
We foster a close-knit, collaborative environment where forward-thinking minds come together to solve challenging problems at the forefront of quantitative finance. Most of our team members have advanced degrees in mathematics or the hard sciences. Interested in joining us? Reach out at jobs@blueshift.am .
For job applicant, please email: Jobs@blueshift.am
current job opportunities include:
Quantitative Analyst
Blueshift Asset Management is a quantitative investment management and research company headquartered in Red Bank, NJ. The firm currently manages a fund encompassing a combination of algorithmic and high-frequency trading strategies.
Our team comprises several PhD recipients from top universities, working together for 5-10 years. The firm’s culture fosters a collaborative, multi-disciplinary approach focused on finding novel solutions to great challenges. We constantly pursue knowledge within an open, sharing, transparent and empowering environment.
Red Bank offers numerous cultural and recreational activities, consistently voted one of the best suburban towns in the U.S., conveniently situated near New York City, Philadelphia, and the Jersey Shore.
Job Description:
Blueshift Asset Management is hiring for the role of Quantitative Analyst.
We are interested primarily in highly qualified MS and PhD graduates from programs in Math, Physics, Statistics, Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, and similar quantitative subjects.
Programming experience is required, with the following skills preferred: Unix, C/C++/STL, Python, bash and awk.
Prior experience in finance is not necessary.
Please send your inquiries and resumes to jobs@blueshift.am
Blueshift is an equal opportunity employer. The members of the Blueshift Asset Management do not discriminate in employment matters on the basis of race, color, religion, gender, pregnancy, national origin, age, military service eligibility, veteran status, sexual orientation, marital status, disability, or any other legally protected characteristic.
Operations Analyst / Assistant Controller
Overview: Blueshift Asset Management, LLC is an alternative investment manager headquartered in Red
Bank, NJ. Blueshift maintains a high-turnover equity market neutral strategy that leverages the firm’s core
experience in systematic investing. It is comprised of a combination of multiple statistical arbitrage and
high-frequency trading strategies. We are currently seeking an extremely bright, articulate, highly
motivated candidate to join our Business Operations Team.
Responsibilities will impact a variety of the management company (“the Firm”) and investment vehicles’
(“the Funds”) operations and initiatives, including:
● Assist in maintaining the Firm’s books and records, including the reconciliation and
monitoring of payables and receivables;
● Assist with managing service provider relationships for the Firm, its offices, and Funds;
● Assist in the daily reconciliation of trading activities;
● Assist in reviewing and calculating the monthly net asset value for the Funds;
● Assist with annual financial statements, audit process, and related tax statement
preparation for the Firm and Funds;
● Assistance in the preparation of regulatory filings, as needed;
● Participate in ad-hoc requests and special projects that involve other groups including
compliance, technology, and investor relations.
Education and Experience Requirements:
● CPA license is preferred;
● 2-5 years of relevant work experience; experience in the alternatives industry is not
required;
● Experience across accounting, audit, and tax is beneficial;
● Experience with QuickBooks;
● Advanced experience with Excel;
● Unix experience is a strong plus, but not essential;
● Interpersonal skills and ability to communicate effectively are essential.
We offer the following:
● Competitive compensation and benefits, with tremendous long-term earnings potential;
● Ability to interact with highly talented and experienced professionals in a casual yet
academic environment;
● Ability to join a rapidly growing firm and have an outsized impact;
● Ample cultural and recreational activities, with nearby access to New York City,
Philadelphia, and the Jersey Shore.
Please send your inquiries and resumes to jobs@blueshift.am
Blueshift is an equal opportunity employer.
Blueshift Asset Management, LLC
151 Bodman Place Suite 301
Red Bank, New Jersey 07701
IR@blueshift.am
Phone: 732-450-8401
The material contained on this website is not intended to be, nor should it be construed or used as, financial, legal, tax or investment advice or an offer to sell, or a solicitation of any offer to buy, any security, related financial product, or interests in any fund or account managed or advised by Blueshift Asset Management, LLC or its affiliates. Nothing on this website constitutes investment advice.
Blueshift Asset Management, LLC reserves the right to monitor all website activity and communications through its networks. Such communications are retained and may be produced to regulatory authorities or others with legal rights to the information. Please read our Privacy Notice to learn about how we use the personal information you provide and the rights you have in relation to it.
Copyright © 2024 Blueshift Asset Management, LLC
All Rights Reserved.
Privacy Policy
