Pre-Internships | Citi Careers
Skip to main content
Menu
Careers
Search Jobs
Saved Jobs
Search Jobs
Why Citi
About Us
People, Engagement and Inclusion
Early Career
Early Career Overview
Programs
Pre-Internships
Internships
Full-Time Programs
Apprenticeships
Events
Talent Networks
Early Career Talent Network (opens in new window)
Career Professionals Talent Network (opens in new window)
Saved Jobs
Pre-Internships
Citi&rsquo;s&nbsp;pre-internship programs offer a strategic introduction to the financial services industry, designed to equip students with foundational knowledge, essential skills and valuable professional connections. These programs, ranging from focused virtual mentorship to immersive on-site experiences,&nbsp;provide&nbsp;a unique opportunity to explore Citi's culture, engage with&nbsp;leaders&nbsp;and receive tailored training.
Early Identification
Locations: US (virtual).
Structure: Virtual mentorship program; participants apply to max two lines of business.
Duration: Three weeks, 2-3 hours/day.
Start Date: March (applications open in February), December (applications open in November).
Eligibility: US sophomores enrolled in a four-year bachelor’s degree.
Areas of Business: General insight into Citi lines of business; preparation for Summer Internship Program.
Benefits: The program offers virtual mentorship, technical training, interview preparation for Summer Analyst roles, insights into Citi’s culture and values, professional development and a direct pathway to future opportunities.
Find Early ID Programs
D1 Athlete Development Program
Locations: US (virtual).
Structure: Virtual summer mentorship.
Duration: June to August.
Start Date: June (application open in March-April).
Eligibility: NCAA Division I students participating in a D1 collegiate sports team , undergraduate first-year or sophomore students enrolled in a four-year bachelor's degree program from an accredited US institution, team manager or assistants participating on a NCAA Division 1 sports team.
Areas of Business: Financial services industry.
Benefits: The journey towards early career success is supported through professional development, hands-on technical training and networking. Participants can gain unique insights from senior speaker series and specialized business workshops, complemented by dedicated mentorship opportunities, often with former student-athlete colleagues.
Find D1 Athlete Development Programs
Freshman Discovery
Locations: US (virtual).
Structure: Introductory program.
Duration: Three days.
Start Date: May (applications open in late March/early April).
Eligibility: All first-year students in a four-year bachelor's degree program from a US accredited institution, regardless of major. Students with limited prior exposure to financial services are particularly encouraged.
Areas of Business: Introduction to financial services industry.
Benefits: Look to gain a head start in financial services through our Freshman Discovery program, featuring introductory training, workshops, foundational technical skills and valuable industry insights.
Find Freshmen Discovery Programs
Spring Insight
Locations: London (on-site).
Structure: All day trainings.
Duration: Four days.
Start Date: March or around Easter (application open in October/November).
Eligibility: Students both within and outside the UK who are in their first year of a three-year course or second year of a four-year undergraduate course.
Areas of Business: Insight into life at Citi.
Benefits: Our Spring Insight program provides invaluable job shadowing and dedicated mentorship, offering in-depth insight into the dynamic world of financial services through job shadowing with the business of the participant's choice, all while preparing them for a seamless pipeline to our Summer Internship opportunities, subject to performance.
Find Spring Insight Programs
Citi Insight Program Hosted by the Social Mobility Network
Locations: London (hybrid).
Structure: Part-time insight program focused on exploring career opportunities within financial services, improving professional skills and mentoring. Hosted by the Social Mobility Network.
Duration: Five weeks in the summer.
Start Date: Late July/ early August (applications open in March).
Eligibility: First-year university students (or second year if on a four-year course).
Areas of Business: Entry into the financial sector.
Benefits: The Citi Insight Program provides interactive workshops and skill building sessions, engagement with colleagues across business areas and industry insight, interview preparation and dedicated mentorship. Successful candidates have the opportunity to interview for the London summer analyst programs.
Find Social Mobility Network Programs
Citi Insight Program Hosted by the Black Heritage Network
Locations: London (on-site).
Structure: Insight program focused on professional development, skills, and networking. Hosted by the Black Heritage Network.
Duration: Three days.
Start Date: April (applications open Nov/Dec).
Eligibility: First year students in a three-year course or second year of a four-year course.
Areas of Business: General insight into Citi's culture, operations and career paths.
Benefits: The Citi Insight Program immerses you in interactive workshops, senior management presentations and practical skills sessions, culminating in engaging team projects and networking events, with expenses and accommodation available upon request (though the program itself is unpaid).
Find Black Heritage Network Programs
The most valuable advice I received was not to be afraid to try new things. We were always encouraged to bring our fresh ideas, recognizing that everyone's unique experiences are valuable. This perspective helped me approach challenges with more confidence and creativity.
Lily W.
Full-Time Analyst,
Global Talent Attraction, Tampa
The skills I acquired during Early Career programs continue to form the core of my professional skill set. Approach the program with an open mind and curiosity - ask questions, take initiative and seek feedback. The more you engage with your colleagues and volunteer for responsibility, the more you will get out of the experience.
Giorgio P.
Investment Banking Vice President, London
Early Career Overview
Discover the program that&nbsp;aligns&nbsp;with&nbsp;your career goals and learn more about the application process at Citi.
Learn About Early Career
Who We Are
Explore our Mission, Vision and the steps we&rsquo;re taking to make a difference.
Discover More About Citi
Early Career Talent Network
Sign up to receive personalized job matches based on your skills and interests. We&rsquo;ll help you discover opportunities that align with your goals.
Join Early Career Network
Home
Search Jobs
Upload Resume (opens in new window)
Manage Application (opens in new window)
Recruitment Scam Awareness (opens in new window)
Why Citi
About Us
People, Engagement and Inclusion
Early Career
Early Career Overview
Events
Pre-Internships
Internships
Full-Time Programs
Apprenticeships
Networks
Early Career Talent Network (opens in new window)
Career Professionals Talent Network (opens in new window)
Citi Alumni Network (opens in new window)
X
Facebook
YouTube
LinkedIn
Instagram
Glassdoor
Privacy
Notice at Collection
Terms
Additional Terms
Cookie Notice
Cookie Preferences
Sitemap
Citi is an equal opportunity employer, and qualified candidates will receive consideration without regard to their race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, status as a protected veteran, or any other characteristic protected by law.
If you are a person with a disability and need a reasonable accommodation to use our search tools and/or apply for a career opportunity review Accessibility at Citi (opens in new window) .
View Citi’s EEO Policy Statement (opens in new window) and the Know Your Rights (PDF) (opens in new window) poster.
Citigroup.com is the global source of information about and access point to financial services provided by the Citi family of companies.
&copy; 2026 Citigroup, Inc. All rights reserved. Citi, Citi and Arc Design and other marks used herein are service marks of Citigroup Inc. or its affiliates, used and registered throughout the world.
