Home - Robotics Institute Summer Scholars (RISS)
Skip to content
Apply
Research Showcase Working Papers Journals
Research Posters &#038; Videos
FAQ
RI Summer Scholars 2024 RI Summer Scholars!
2023 RI Summer Scholars!
2022 RI Summer Scholars!
2021 RI Summer Scholars
News
RoboLaunch 2024
Home Nick Burcin <timestamp>
Loading...
RoboLaunch: Come Explore Robotics!
PA Rural Educator Technology Workshops
Let’s Explore Robotics & AI
RISS Recruitment Announcement Poster Now Available
View Poster
Robotics Institute Summer Scholars
RISS Fuels Your Future
Scholarships will fund your exploration of robotics and AI.
You will be mentored by world-renowned scientists and a supportive community of experienced researchers, educators &amp; alumni.
The research and skills you develop during RISS will open doors to new opportunities and build pathways to top graduate school programs and fellowships.
Review the FAQ page before applying.
You will be joining Carnegie Mellon University, a world-renowned center for technology and innovation shaping our world. CMU is top-ranked for computer science, artificial intelligence specialization, and robotics. We launched the first academic department in robotics, the first Ph.D. in robotics, and is the world’s largest university-affiliated robotics research group. RISS alumni have received millions of dollars in scholarships to attend graduate school at top-ranked universities worldwide, including Carnegie Mellon’s School of Computer Science.
Experience the RISS Advantage
Participate in an 11 week guided research-intensive experience with pioneers in the field &amp; a community of experienced mentors
Attend robotics talks, workshops, and advanced technology lab visits to expand your knowledge of robotics &amp; AI
Develop professional writing and presentation skills critical to your success
CMU’s Robotics Institute Summer Scholars (RISS) program provides undergraduate students with opportunities to participate in a 11-week research immersion. You will explore robotics labs and topics, meet with leaders in the field, attend workshops, be coached and mentored, present and publish your research, and grow as a scholar.
Your Future in Robotics is
One Click Awa y
Apply Now !
Learn More by Attending a Future Information Session Or Join Us for RoboLaunch
Watch Our Student Experience and Student Research Videos
Robotics Institute Summer Scholars
Carnegie Mellon University
5000 Forbes Ave.
Pittsburgh, PA 15213
riss-info@andrew.cmu.edu
Privacy Policy
Apply
About
Mentors
News
Scholarships
FAQs
Page load link
Go to Top
