Campus Recruiting - The D. E. Shaw Group Who We Are Internships Additional Experiences Roles Ready to Apply?
Who We Are Internships Additional Experiences Roles Ready to Apply?
1 Who We Are
Founded in 1988 over a small bookstore in downtown New York City, the D. E. Shaw group began with six people and $28 million in capital and quickly became a pioneer in computational finance. We’ve earned a worldwide reputation for innovation, rigorous risk management, cutting-edge technology, and the caliber of our people.
Building new things is at our core. We deploy advanced investment techniques to uncover hard-to-find sources of potential return, develop new technologies when existing solutions won’t do, and launch innovative businesses across industries.
We prize collaboration across disciplines, geographies, and teams. Analytical rigor, the open exploration of ideas, and a tireless pursuit of excellence drive us forward.
In the early days of exposed pipes and extension cords, tripping on a cable could take out our whole trading system. Today, we have more than 2,500 people around the globe and a highly advanced (and trip-proof) infrastructure, but we still value creativity, entrepreneurship, and the spirit of discovery.
Our firm&#x27;s Five Core Principles define our values and guide our decisions.
Discover our Core Principles
2 Internships
We welcome students from all academic disciplines looking to build skills and relationships, work alongside colleagues on high-impact initiatives, gain insight from experienced managers, and learn about the industry from experts inside and outside the firm.
As an intern, you’ll learn about our work and culture and gain valuable experience. No prior finance experience is required—we’ll teach you what you need to know!
Our interns work on some of the most compelling problems in finance and technology. Interns help shape the future of our firm through hands-on contributions to real-world projects. They also benefit from a wide range of firm resources, such as professional skills classes and on-demand learning modules.
We encourage undergraduate and graduate students from all schools and fields of study to apply to our internship program. We’re more interested in talent, curiosity, and analytical thinking than in any particular skill or experience, and we’re excited to see how you’ve demonstrated initiative and what you’ve achieved.
2 video s Our Internships:
Examples of past intern projects:
Fundamental Research Analyst Intern
Developing and presenting a recommendation on an information security hardware company
Generalist Intern
Comparing methods for detecting changes in risk environments and notable shifts in market dynamics
Proprietary Trading Intern
Reviewing macro-level conditions in an emerging market country and understanding the drivers of its currency
Quantitative Analyst Intern
Developing a new risk factor based on social media sentiment scoring using natural language processing techniques
Software Developer Intern
Writing a parallel hyperparameter optimization library that reduces the execution time of simulations while maintaining their quality
Strategy and Business Development Intern
Exploring how the firm might extend its private credit franchise in the Asia-Pacific region
Systems: Engineering Intern
Enhancing the firm’s authorization system with an event-driven approach to updates
Summer internships typically start in early June and run through mid-August. We consider applications on a rolling basis to accommodate a range of recruiting timelines and student obligations. We typically complete the selection of our intern class early in the first quarter of the internship year; we recommend applying by the end of the previous calendar year.
3 Additional Experiences
In addition to our internships, we host a variety of on-campus events, sponsor student organizations, and participate in conferences to engage with students across the world. You can read on to learn more about specific opportunities to connect with us.
London Insight Programme Our London Insight Programme* introduces students to our work and problem-solving through a day of interactive learning experiences. You’ll engage in case studies, panels, and Q&amp;A sessions with our London analysts and recruiters. We’ll cover your travel and accommodations.
*Applications for this programme are currently closed. If you&#x27;re interested in summer 2028 internships, please fill out this form to be notified when applications open. To see a full list of open full-time positions, visit our Careers page .
4 Roles
We’re always searching for disciplined thinkers and creative problem-solvers. We don’t compromise when it comes to recruiting and developing world-class talent, and we’re excited to meet future colleagues with extraordinary raw ability and long-term potential.
Our business units fall into five broad areas. Each offers internships, which you’ll see listed below, as well as opportunities for recent graduates, which you can explore on our Careers page . Read on to learn more about the work they do.
Business Operations Our business operations groups address key questions related to talent assessment and development, capital usage and investment returns, regulatory and legal changes, market and economic risks, and many other areas that affect our firm. Employees in these groups engage in wide-ranging, collaborative endeavors using the rigorous analysis and project management skills they’ve developed while at the firm and elsewhere.
2027 Intern Roles:
Legal &amp; Compliance Intern (New York)
*Applications for this position are currently closed. If you&#x27;re interested in summer 2028 internships, please fill out this form to be notified when applications open. To see a full list of open full-time positions, visit our Careers page .
Discretionary Investing Our discretionary investment strategies rely primarily on human analysis to discover, analyze, and pursue attractive investment opportunities that span public and private markets around the globe. Traders and research analysts drive investment decision-making, and they integrate a number of technological tools and analytical techniques into their approach.
2027 Intern Roles:
Proprietary Trading Intern (New York)
JD/MBA Investment Analyst (New York)
MBA Investment Analyst (New York)
Cove Private Equity Intern
D. E. Shaw Investment Management (DESIM) Intern (New York)
Fundamental Research Analyst Intern (New York)
Trader/Analyst Intern (London)
*Applications for this position are currently closed. If you&#x27;re interested in summer 2028 internships, please fill out this form to be notified when applications open. To see a full list of open full-time positions, visit our Careers page .
Strategy and Business Development Our strategy and business development groups evaluate complex questions that influence our long-term direction, including ones related to marketplace dynamics, product design and marketing strategy, analysis of firm profitability, and opportunities for strategic expansion. Members of these groups take on projects that require rigorous analytical thinking and creative problem solving, such as investigating which markets our investment strategies should target for expansion, evaluating whether and where to open a new office, researching prospective new investors for our funds, or developing a plan for launching a new fund.
2027 Intern Roles:
Strategy and Business Development MBA Summer Associate (New York)
Strategy and Business Development Intern (New York)
Investor Relations Intern (London)
*Applications for this position are currently closed. If you&#x27;re interested in summer 2028 internships, please fill out this form to be notified when applications open. To see a full list of open full-time positions, visit our Careers page .
Systematic Investing Our systematic investment strategies run on quantitative and computational techniques that we’ve developed over more than 35 years of research and trading. We believe that rigorous analysis and scientific research, supported by robust data and technological infrastructure, is the bedrock of successful systematic investing. Members of our systematic investing teams conduct research on innovative systematic forecasting, risk management, and portfolio construction techniques that form the basis of our process.
2027 Intern Roles:
Quantitative Analyst Intern (New York)
Quantitative Analyst, Ph.D. Intern (New York)
Software Developer Intern (New York)
Software Developer, Ph.D. Intern (New York)
Systems Our systems teams oversee and support our enterprise-level technology and network infrastructure, including the storage and clustered computing solutions used across the firm. Members of these teams design and develop technology that supports initiatives related to core systems, application engineering, platform engineering, database infrastructure, productivity and collaboration, web development, and information security.
2027 Intern Roles:
Systems Engineering Intern (New York)
Systems Administrator Industry Placement Year (London)
Systems Engineering Intern (London)
Systems Administrator Intern (New York)
*Applications for this position are currently closed. If you&#x27;re interested in summer 2028 internships, please fill out this form to be notified when applications open. To see a full list of open full-time positions, visit our Careers page .
5 Ready to Apply?
If you’re an intellectually adventurous person who loves to collaborate on challenging and rewarding projects, we encourage you to apply. Head over to our Careers page to browse our available positions and start an application.
Let us help you prepare.
Explore interview materials
5.1 Stay in Touch
Let’s stay connected! Send your questions to campus-hotline@deshaw.com and include “Campus” in the subject line. And follow us on other platforms:
Have feedback on this page? Let us know by filling out a short survey .
By visiting our website, you agree to our Online Privacy Statement and our Terms of Use , which include a class action waiver and an arbitration provision. Clicking “Accept All” means you consent to our use of cookies and similar tracking technologies, such as analytics cookies provided by third-party companies, which help us understand how our website is used. Clicking “Decline All” means you prevent us from using non-essential cookies or other similar tracking technologies on our website; however, we will continue to use essential cookies for the core functions of our website, including security.
Accept All Decline All
The D. E. Shaw group is an equal opportunity employer.
Terms of Use
Online Privacy Statement
Important Disclosures
COPYRIGHT © 2018-2026 D. E. SHAW &amp; CO., L.P. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED
New York City HQ
Two Manhattan West
375 Ninth Avenue
New York, NY 10001
