Careers in Crypto | GSR Markets
Skip to content
What We Offer
The Evolution of Liquidity in Digital Asset Markets
Markets
Venture
Digital Asset Advisory
Asset Management
Your success is our priority – connect with us today.
Contact us
Our Company
The Evolution of Liquidity in Digital Asset Markets
Our Team
Careers
Social Impact
Your success is our priority – connect with us today.
Contact us
Insights
Media &amp; Research
Podcast
Your success is our priority – connect with us today.
Contact us
Contact us
Autonomous
GSR One
Autonomous
GSR One
Contact us
Home
Careers in Crypto
Share:
Copied to clipboard!
Careers in Crypto
We provide the environment for you to do your best work.
Join us and be part of a fast-paced, high-growth environment where your ideas matter, your work is meaningful, and your career can scale with the industry.
If you are interested about career opportunities at GSR, please contact recruiting@gsr.io.
Current Open Roles
Benefits
A collaborative and transparent company culture founded on Integrity, Innovation, and Performance.
Competitive salary with two discretionary bonus payments a year.
Benefits such as healthcare, dental, vision, retirement planning, 30 days holiday, and free lunches when in the office.
Regular town halls, team lunches, and social events.
A corporate and social responsibility program, including charity fundraising matching and volunteer days.
Access to training and support for professional certifications, with formal learning resources such as Udemy and INE to enhance continuous professional development.
Meet Our Team
View Full Team
Cris is the Chairman of GSR. Prior to GSR, he worked as a commodities trader for 9 years at Goldman Sachs in New York. Since then he has managed an active portfolio of investments across the technology, real estate, hospitality and media sectors. Cris obtained a degree in Economics from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT).
" >
Cristian Gil
Chairman
Jakob is the President of GSR, he previously served as the Global CEO of GSR for over 2.5 years. Prior to joining GSR, he was Head of EMEA business at Two Sigma Investments and a board director of Two Sigma International. He has 18 years of experience developing business and investment solutions in systematic investment management, including roles at Winton Capital Management and Barclays Global Investors (BGI). Jakob earned a BSc in Economics from Lund University where he also completed the MSc coursework in Economics (without dissertation). He also holds a Ships Officers Degree, Class VIII from Chalmers University of Technology.
" >
Jakob Palmstierna
President
Jonathan Loflin is the Chief Investment Officer at GSR. He has over 20 years of experience in markets, across all major macro asset classes (equities, fx, commodities, rates, credit, &amp; crypto) and regions. Prior to GSR, he was a Senior Portfolio Manager running all aspects of the global derivatives relative value business at Mariner Investment Group (Coria Capital) and, prior thereto, was Partner &amp; Senior Portfolio Manager at BlueMountain Capital Management running similar strategies. He began his career as a derivatives quant at Goldman Sachs focusing on interest rate products and counterparty credit risk management. Mr Loflin studied Artificial Intelligence &amp; Finance at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, earning two Bachelor’s degrees and a Master’s degree concurrently — in addition to subsequently completing the MIT Sloan Executive Program in Management &amp; Leadership.
" >
Jonathan Loflin
Chief Investment Officer
Stay Ahead with Expert Insights
By signing up you agree to the terms in our Privacy Policy
First name
This field is required. Please fill in a valid First name.
Last name
This field is required. Please fill in a valid Last name.
Email address
This field is required. Please fill in a valid Email address.
Market Updates
Reports
Crypto News
Trading Commentary
Thanks for signing up!
This didn&rsquo;t go through &mdash; please try again in a moment.
Subscribe
Media
Careers
Contact
Portfolio
Team
Who we serve
Insights
Cookie Notice
Privacy Notice
Terms &amp; Conditions
Privacy Notice for Candidates
Terms of Business
US Licenses
Acceptable Use Policy
GSR Foundation
Modern Slavery
Complaints Notice
Regulatory Legal Notices
&copy;2026 GSR Markets | All rights reserved.
GSR Digital LLC (NMLS ID #: 2318094) serves United States residents only in jurisdictions where
it is licensed to operate as a Money Service Business. Registered address: 101 Hudson Street,
21st Floor, Jersey City NJ 07632.
View Licenses.
GSR Markets UK Limited is registered for certain cryptoasset activities with the UK Financial Conduct Authority. View FCA Register .
GSR Markets Pte. Ltd. is authorised as a Major Payment Institution with the Monetary Authority of Singapore. View Financial Institutions Directory .
Close
Modal Content
&#9888;&#65039; Security warning
Security warning
You arrived at GSR from , a website
that is not affiliated with or authorized by GSR and may be impersonating GSR.
For your security, do not share personal information, credentials, or funds with this website.
You are now on the official GSR website: gsr.io .
I understand
