Launchpad - US | IMC Trading
Who we are
What we do
Access our liquidity
Strategic Investments
Positive impact
Search Careers
THE PROGRAM LAUNCHPAD
Jumpstart your career in trading and tech.
ABOUT THE EVENT
Launchpad is an exclusive, two-day discovery program hosted in Chicago for ambitious second-year university students interested in accelerating their career in software engineering or quantitative trading roles at a leading global trading firm. Successful participants will fast-track their progress in future related internships, gain exclusive insight into IMC, and sharpen their technical skills alongside a like-minded cohort.
If you’re curious about what life at IMC could look like and want to gain hands-on experience, Launchpad is for you.
WHO IS IT FOR?
Second-year students interested in software engineering or quantitative trading roles.
Those with quantitative and computer science-related backgrounds looking to apply their skills in a high impact, fast-paced industry.
Curious individuals with a hunger for problem solving in a collaborative environment.
Launchpad at a glance
60
participants
+ 60
Full-time employees
2
Cohorts
The itinerary
Day one Take part in introductory sessions including a general welcome to the program, an introduction to IMC, and a tour of our office. You&#x27;ll learn about all the work we do through interactive presentations and games, gain insights into trading and tech roles on offer here at IMC, and get the chance to network with established full-time employees and fellow students in a welcoming atmosphere.
Day two Dive deeper into IMC with further sessions on trading and technology. You&#x27;ll be introduced to our internship, learn about specific project work, and see how our interns make an impact each summer. You’ll also practice your practical and technical skills in workshops, and gain hands-on trading experience through in-depth manual and algorithmic mock trading simulations.
VIDEO IMC Launchpad 2025
00:00 / 00:00
Subscribe to our newsletter to stay up-to-date with the latest.
Subscribe now
IMC Who we are
What we do
Access our liquidity
Strategic Investments
Positive impact
Contact
Blogs
Events
Corporate news
Careers Careers overview
Search careers
Experienced roles
Students &amp; graduates
Recruitment process
Benefits
Talent community
© 2025 IMC. All rights reserved. Cookie settings
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
Disclaimer &amp; Cookie Policy
Code of Conduct
Notices
Disclosures
USA
