Internships :: Jane Street
Jane Street Group, LLC uses cookies and similar technologies, including third-party cookies, on this Site to provide basic functionalities and perform analytics. You may accept or decline cookies by selecting “Accept” or “Reject”. For information regarding our cookie practices, see Jane Street’s
Ad and Cookie Policy .
Accept All
Reject All
WHO WE ARE
WHAT WE DO
THE LATEST
CULTURE
JOIN JANE STREET
mobile navigation menu toggle
CLIENT OFFERING
GLOBAL CAPITAL MARKETS
BENEFITS
OUR OFFICES
STREET VIEW
PUZZLES
DEPARTMENTS
OPEN ROLES
PROGRAMS AND EVENTS
INTERNSHIPS
INTERVIEWING
Who We Are
What We Do
OVERVIEW
CLIENT OFFERING
GLOBAL CAPITAL MARKETS
The Latest
Culture
OVERVIEW
BENEFITS
OUR OFFICES
STREET VIEW
PUZZLES
Join Jane Street
OVERVIEW
DEPARTMENTS
OPEN ROLES
PROGRAMS AND EVENTS
INTERNSHIPS
INTERVIEWING
CONTACT US
Disclosures & Policies
Privacy
Fraud and Impersonation
Warnings
Join Jane Street
Internships
LEARNING BY DOING
View open roles
We're looking for the next wave of curious and passionate individuals to join our Jane Street internship program.
Over the course of a Jane Street internship, you’ll explore ways to approach and solve problems through challenging classes and interactive discussions, with endless opportunities to put those learnings to use. If you haven’t thought about a career in finance, you’re in good company. Many folks at Jane Street don’t come from a financial background. If you have an inquisitive mind and a collaborative spirit, we have a feeling you’ll fit right in.
A Look Inside Jane Street’s Internship Program 2026
Watch video
What to Expect When Applying
Watch video
Internship Overview 2025
Watch video
We offer opportunities in a variety of disciplines — quantitative trading, machine learning, software engineering, quantitative research, strategy and product, and more — which put you directly in the action, giving you the opportunity to collaborate and connect with Jane Streeters across teams and offices.
Explore our trading internship
Our program is designed to cultivate advanced skills as applied to modern financial markets.
Learn more
Get to know our departments with internship opportunities:
Trading, Research, and Machine Learning
Technology
Strategy and Product
Institutional Sales and Trading
A global experience
Our internship opportunities span across our New York , London , and Hong Kong offices.
Our internships typically run for 10-12 weeks between May and September. We also offer a variety of unique off-cycle internships, based on academic scheduling, at each of our office locations.
What a day might look like:
Breakfast: Our breakfast buffet is open until 10:00am daily.
Class: Learn about writing performance-sensitive code, or machine learning, or even Poker!
Project Updates: Connect with your mentor on the status of your internship project.
Lunch: Browse the buffet, or order from a selection of nearby restaurants.
Independent Project Work
Class: Join your fellow interns as you "mock trade," learn why Jane Street uses OCaml, or understand the complexities of heuristics and biases.
Event: Attend a sports game, grab dinner with your team, or explore the city with other interns!
“We have been working on improving this program for well over 15 years and every single year, it's better than the last.”
-Sandor Lehoczky, Trader
“One of the things that surprised me the most was how much I'm actually doing interesting work all the time, whether it's working on a project or doing some mock training activity. I always feel like I’m in the action here.”
-Jake, 2022 Trading Intern
“Everyone's intellectually humble and recognizes that their own understandings have limitations. A lot of the decisions made at Jane Street are not top down, it's made by the people solving the problems.”
-Shaquille, 2022 Software Engineer Intern
Our internship, by the numbers
We’re only as strong as our people. Our internship brings together individuals from varying educational backgrounds and locations to create a collaborative, dynamic experience. After all, diversity of background brings diversity of thought.
Our interns* have joined us from over 103 different colleges or universities and call over 24 different countries home.
*Data is representative of Jane Street’s 2025 summer intern class.
Listen to an episode of Jane Street’s podcast, Signals & Threads , where previous software engineering interns (now full-timers) discuss what it was like to be a part of our internship program.
Apply to the Jane Street Internship.
We look for curious people from any background with a passion for technology and creative problem solving. In other words, people like you.
Explore open roles
Who We Are
What We Do
The Latest
Culture
Join Jane Street
Contact Us
简体中文 |
Disclosures and Policies |
Privacy |
Cookies |
Fraud and Impersonation Warnings
Jane Street is an Equal Opportunity Employer
&copy; 2026 Jane Street Group, LLC. All rights reserved. Services are provided in the U.S. by Jane Street Capital, LLC and Jane Street Execution Services, LLC, each of which is a SEC-registered broker
dealer and member of FINRA ( www.finra.org ). Regulated activities are undertaken in Europe by Jane Street Financial Limited, an investment firm authorized and regulated by the U.K. Financial
Conduct Authority, and Jane Street Netherlands B.V., an investment firm authorized and regulated by the Netherlands Authority for the Financial Markets ( Autoriteit Financiële Markten ), and in Hong Kong by Jane Street Hong
Kong Limited, a regulated entity under the Hong Kong Securities and Futures Commission (CE No. BAL548). Each of these entities is a wholly owned subsidiary of Jane Street Group, LLC. This material is provided for informational
purposes only and does not constitute an offer or solicitation for the purchase or sale of any security or other financial instrument. | Jane Street and the concentric circle mark are registered
trademarks of Jane Street.
