Careers &mdash; Marquette Partners
WHO WE ARE
WHAT WE DO
CAREERS
CONTACT
WHO WE ARE
WHAT WE DO
CAREERS
CONTACT
banner/tag line
banner/tagline
Who We Are
What We Do
Careers
Contact
&nbsp;
Careers
Marquette Partners is always looking for the next rising star. Over the past 30 years, Marquette has successfully trained and nurtured a wide variety of talent in the trading industry. Qualities we look for in prospective traders include strong analytical and mathematical skills, critical thinking, and the ability to make decisions quickly and decisively. Programming experience is also beneficial, but not required for the position unless otherwise stated.&nbsp;
Email your resume to: info@mqpllc.com
+ benefits
Medical and Prescription Drug Insurance
Dental Insurance
Vision Insurance
Group Life and AD&amp;D Coverage
Short-term Disability and Maternity Coverage
Competive Salary with Discretionary Bonus
&nbsp;
Experienced Quantitative Trader
As an Experienced Quantitative Trader with a record of success you will be empowered to capitalize on your experience, building a business within a business and deploying capital across your strategies.
You will have access to high-resolution historical data sets, high fidelity simulation and back testing tools. You will work closely with the technical and risk teams, optimizing and deploying new trading strategies.
+ Required Qualifications
A proven track record of profitable trading leveraging quantitative analysis skills: analyzing large datasets; building statistical models; back-testing; optimization (minimum seven figures annually)
Strong understanding and experience with practical application of statistics: hypothesis tests, confidence levels, simulation
BS, MS, or PhD in an analytical/quantitative related field of study
Experience with programming in MATLAB or Python
Superb analytical and mathematical skills
Experience pricing, analyzing, and trading futures and/or option on futures
Ability to work successfully in a fast-moving and competitive environment
Self-starters with strong interpersonal and decision making skills
Willingness to work within given risk management guidelines
+ What you'll do
Develop, maintain and enhance trading models, algorithms and systems
Trade a range of financial instruments
Manage execution and risk of complex trading portfolios
Research new market opportunities leveraging varying techniques
&nbsp;
Experienced Trader
Marquette Partners is always seeking to recruit talented and experienced traders for their Chicago team. Traders confident in their ability and knowledgeable across any or all asset classes will be considered. Experience in proprietary trading at a hedge fund or investment bank is preferred.&nbsp;Highly energetic, motivated, and results-driven individuals looking for a new challenge should apply.&nbsp;
+ preferred qualifications:
A proven track record of profitable trading (minimum mid-six figures annually).
Self-starters with strong interpersonal and decision making skills.
Individuals who demonstrate an excellent fundamental understanding of markets and spreads.
Ability to identify trading opportunities and develop proprietary trading strategies based on their own analysis.
Willingness to work within given risk management guidelines.
&nbsp;
C++ Senior Developer
We are expanding our organization in Chicago and we are looking for qualified developers to join our growing team. This is the perfect role for candidates looking to step into a leadership role and take on new and exciting projects.
+ Required Skills and Experience
Strong programming skills in C++
Minimum of 3+ years of experience
Linux
Trading industry and/or simulation experience preferred
Strong communication skills
Experience creating high throughput and low latency systems
Multi-threaded systems
Strong analytic and problem solving skills
TCP/IP, UDP, sockets, network protocols
Object-oriented design and programming
Self-starter with the ability to work independently
Bachelors Degree in Computer Science, Engineering or related discipline preferred
+ Desired but Not Required
design and build complex trading systems
FIX protocol and feed handler knowledge
Strong understanding of full software stack
Implement low-latency market access solutions
Python
Diagnose latency issues and resolve via tuning and optimizations
Knowledge of Windows helpful
&nbsp;
Back to Top
© 2016 Marquette Partners, LP
