Research Experience for Undergraduates | Management Science and Engineering
Skip to main content
Skip to secondary navigation
Stanford University
Stanford
ENGINEERING
Management Science and Engineering
Search this site
Submit Search
Menu
Academics &amp; Admissions Why Stanford MS&amp;E?
Undergraduate Admission &amp; Funding
Major
Minor
Coterm
Graduate Admission MS Admission
MS Admission Statistics
PhD Admission
Admission FAQs
MS Program MS Degree
Curriculum
Coterm
Dual and Joint MS
Part-Time/Remote MS
PhD Program PhD Degree
PhD Minor
Curriculum
Research Specializations
Career Placement
MS&amp;E Doctoral Dissertations
Graduate Financial Aid
FAQs Program FAQs
Financial Aid Undergraduate
Graduate
Professional Education
Intranet (SUNet ID required)
Research &amp; Impact Research Areas
Centers, Groups, and Labs
Faculty Awards
Student Research
Stories &amp; Voices Faculty
Students
Alums
Staff
People
Our Culture The MS&amp;E Community
Our Story
Meet Our Student Services Team
Pathways to Research and Opportunity
Student Organizations
Photo Gallery
Get Involved Alumni
Support MS&amp;E
Join Us Online
Newsletters
MS&amp;E Career Services
Stanford Careers
Colloquia &amp; Seminars
Contact Us
Research Experience for Undergraduates
Main navigation
Skip Secondary Navigation
Secondary Navigation
Research Areas
Centers, Groups, and Labs
Faculty Awards
Student Research
Stories &amp; Voices
Main content start
Left to right: Summer REU participants Alina Qian, Carole Darve, and Zack Ryan, Associate Professor Ross Shachter, Student Services Officer Patty Padilla, Summer REU participants Kumar Chandra and Nichamon Supatgiat.
Stanford’s School of Engineering is home to amazing researchers and research.
And undergraduates can be a part of it through the Research Experience for Undergraduates (REU) program, which provides opportunities to work on cutting-edge research guided by Stanford faculty and PhD students. Faculty and student mentors are excited to work with bright, enthusiastic students.
There are two REU programs in MS&amp;E, an academic year program where students receive independent study course credit, and a summer program where students are paid to work full time. For general advice on how to get involved in research at Stanford, refer to the Stanford Undergraduate Advising and Research (UAR) Guide . To learn more about MS&amp;E's REU programs and apply, see below.
Academic Year REU
MS&amp;E's Academic Year REU program offers research opportunities to students from any STEM-inclined major at Stanford during the academic year (fall, winter, and spring quarters).
Academic Year REU participants are paired with an MS&amp;E mentor, who can be a faculty member or PhD student in the department, to learn and engage in their mentor's research group and receive independent study course credit. The cohort meets at the end of each quarter to present their research projects.
Learn more and apply to the Academic Year REU program
Summer REU
For the Summer REU program, current Stanford undergraduate students are matched with participating MS&amp;E faculty members and PhD students. Undergraduates participate in 10 weeks of research with their faculty and student mentors, culminating in a presentation to all participants and mentors toward the end of summer quarter. Weekly group meetings are held with all participants in the cohort.
Applications for the summer REU program are available each year between January 15 and February 15, with the goal of matching students to faculty mentors by mid-March. Questions about the program? Contact Patty Padilla
Apply to the Summer REU program
Examples of past REU projects
2026 Summer REU presentations
2025 Summer REU presentations
2024 Summer REU presentations
2021 Summer REU presentations
2017 Summer REU presentations
Back to Top
Intranet Web Portal
Secured intranet portal for faculty, staff and students.
Student Intranet
Faculty and Staff Intranet
Stanford
ENGINEERING
Administrator Login
Address
Management Science and Engineering
Huang Engineering Center
475 Via Ortega
Stanford , CA 94305
United States
Visit
Campus Map
Contact Us
MS&amp;E LinkedIn
MS&amp;E Instagram
MS&amp;E Facebook
MS&amp;E YouTube
Subscribe to our Newsletters
View our past Newsletters
MS&amp;E News
Career Services
Student Services Office
Pathways to Research &amp; Opportunity
Support MS&amp;E
Resources
Academic Calendar
Campus Tours
Stanford Careers
Stanford
University
Stanford Home
Maps &amp; Directions
Search Stanford
Emergency Info
Terms of Use
Privacy
Copyright
Trademarks
Non-Discrimination
Accessibility
&copy; Stanford University.
&nbsp; Stanford, California 94305.
