Neo Scholars
Portfolio
Programs
About us
Log In
Neo Scholars
Follow in the footsteps of Neo Scholars who founded Cursor , Chai Discovery , Applied Compute , Flint , Cognition , and more.
Maximize your potential as a future founder.
Aim higher and bet on yourself. We’ll mentor you, introduce you to amazing people, and fund anything you start.
Neo Residency: Build with us.
Get guaranteed admission to Neo Residency as a student team. Receive a $40k grant and SF workspace to build your own bold idea.
Expedite your job search.
Join an awesome startup with fast-tracked interviews, direct access to leadership, and 1:1 career advice at dozens of top startups.
Join tech's premier mentorship community.
Get support and help others. Build lifelong relationships.
Neo Scholars have founded iconic companies with our funding.
Follow in the footsteps of Neo Scholars who have built leading companies such as:
Cursor Co-founders Aman Sanger (‘20) and&nbsp; Michael Truell (‘20)
Chai Discovery Co-founders Jack Dent (‘17) and Joshua Meier (‘17)
Applied Compute &nbsp;Co-founders&nbsp; Linden Li (‘22), Rhythm Garg (‘21), and&nbsp; Yash Patil (‘21)
Flint Co-founder Michelle Lim (‘19)
Cognition Co-founder Walden Yan (‘22)
… and many more. We'll fund anything you start.
Neo has given me invaluable mentorship and lifelong connections. They led Cursor's first round and continue to support us to this day. I found my first startup internship as a Neo Scholar, and today we've hired multiple Neo Scholars."
Michael Truell
Cursor CEO
Neo Residency: Build with other Neo Scholars. [Optional]
Take a big swing on a bold idea of your own! Spend three months in SF working alongside other ambitious builders, with hands-on mentorship from veteran startup founders.
We’ll give you a $40K equity-free grant, a tight-knit peer community, and workspace to call your own.
Whether you return to college or keep going because your idea is too good to pause, you’ll be on the path to becoming a successful founder. Learn more about Neo Residency .
Awesome startups hire Neo Scholars.
Working at a startup is the best preparation for starting your own. Cursor , Applied Compute , Kalshi , Cognition , and many other startups use Neo to find top CS students for internships and/or full-time jobs, relying on our screening to advance candidates straight to onsite.
Our invite-only recruiting platform expedites applying to startup jobs. We share our assessments with companies so that you can spend less time interviewing and more time meeting founders.
And more...
Get personal mentorship and join a community of technical leaders.
Build meaningful relationships with a diverse community of exceptional recent grads, startup founders, and tech veterans – and pay it forward to help the next generation.
Make connections at in-person events including:
Neo Reunion, an immersive weekend with members of the Neo community.
Neo Residency's startup bootcamp to spend quality time with active founders and experience their journey first-hand.
Intimate retreats with your Neo Scholar cohort.
Scholar mentors
Meet with your Scholar mentor for career and entrepreneurship advice throughout the program and beyond. These mentors include past Neo Scholars and active founders who are dedicated to your personal growth and success.
FAQ
Who is eligible to apply?
What is the application process and timeline?
What do you look for in Neo Scholars?
Do l have to join Neo Residency as a student builder to become a Neo Scholar? What happens if I do?
