Summer Undergraduate Research Fellowship (SURF) | NIST
Skip to main content
An official website of the United States government
Here’s how you know
Here’s how you know
Official websites use .gov
A .gov website belongs to an official government organization in the United States.
Secure .gov websites use HTTPS
A lock (
) or https:// means you’ve safely connected to the .gov website. Share sensitive information only on official, secure websites.
https://www.nist.gov/surf
Search NIST
Menu
Close
Publications
What We Do
All Topics
Advanced communications
Bioscience
Buildings and construction
Chemistry
Cybersecurity and Privacy
Electronics
Energy
Environment
Fire
Forensic science
Health
Information technology
Infrastructure
Manufacturing
Materials
Mathematics and statistics
Metrology
Nanotechnology
Neutron research
Performance excellence
Physics
Public safety
Quantum information science
Resilience
Standards
Super intelligence
Transportation
Labs &amp; Major Programs
Laboratories
Communications Technology Laboratory
Engineering Laboratory
Information Technology Laboratory
Material Measurement Laboratory
Physical Measurement Laboratory
User Facilities
NIST Center for Neutron Research
CNST NanoFab
Research Test Beds
Research Projects
Tools &amp; Instruments
Major Programs
CHIPS for America Initiative
Congressionally Identified Project Program (CIPP)
Manufacturing Extension Partnership (MEP)
Manufacturing USA
Office of Advanced Manufacturing
Technology Partnerships Office
Services &amp; Resources
Measurements and Standards
Calibration Services
Laboratory Accreditation (NVLAP)
Quality System
Standard Reference Materials (SRMs)
Standard Reference Instruments (SRIs)
Standards.gov
Time Services
Office of Weights and Measures
Software
Data
Chemistry WebBook
National Vulnerability Database
Physical Reference Data
Standard Reference Data (SRD)
Storefront
License &amp; Patents
Computer Security Resource Center (CSRC)
NIST Research Library
News &amp; Events
News
Events
Blogs
NIST In Focus
Feature Stories
Awards
Video Gallery
Image Gallery
Media Contacts
About NIST
About Us
Leadership
Organization Structure
Budget &amp; Planning
Contact Us
Visit
Careers
Student programs
Work with NIST
History
NIST Digital Archives
NIST Museum
NIST and the Nobel
Educational Resources
International and Academic Affairs Office / Academic Affairs Office
Summer Undergraduate Research Fellowship (SURF)
Mission: SURF is designed to inspire undergraduate students to pursue careers in STEM (science, technology, engineering, and mathematics) through a unique research experience that supports the NIST mission.
Office of International Affairs
Expand or Collapse
Foreign Guest Researcher Program
International Collaboration
Academic Affairs Office
Expand or Collapse
High School Students (SHIP)
Expand or Collapse
SHIP Application and Selection
SHIP Research
FAQs
Undergraduate Students (SURF)
Expand or Collapse
SURF FAQs
Research Opportunities in Gaithersburg, Maryland
Research Opportunities in Boulder, Colorado
SURF Application
Graduate Students (GMSE)
Postdoctoral Students (NRC Postdocs)
Middle School Science Teachers (NIST Summer Institute)
Professional Research Experience Program
Expand or Collapse
PREP FAQs
IAAO Staff Directory
Connect with us
GovDelivery
Frequently Asked Questions
How to Apply
2027 SURF applications
&nbsp;vacancy announcement expected to open USAjobs mid-October 2026
applications due at the end of January 2027
program dates TBD
Congratulations to all 2026 SURF Participants and Mentors!
We proudly showcase the 2026 SURF participants' work with the 2026 SURF Abstract Book and Colloquium!
2026 SURF Abstract Book
Read about each project in the Abstract Book. With topics such as machine learning, semiconductors, concrete, and pharmaceutical manufacturing standards, SURF projects offer something for everyone.
2026 SURF Colloquium
From August 3–6, each participant presented their research conducted at NIST during the SURF Colloquium . Presentations were held at both the Boulder and Gaithersburg campuses, allowing attendees to participate either in person or remotely via the live broadcast and ZoomGov links.&nbsp;
The Plenary Session featured one student from each NIST laboratory. For CTL, ITL, MML, and PML, which are established at both campuses, the student representative could be from either Boulder or Gaithersburg. An additional speaker from Boulder was also featured in the Plenary Session.
2026 SURF Program Dates
Main 11-week program: May 27 - Aug 7
9-week program: June 8 - Aug 7
Offset 11-week program: June 8 - Aug 21
SURF student Mattie Watson studying nanoscale-sized devices in the nanofabrication laboratory of&nbsp;the Physical Measurement Laboratory.&nbsp;
NIST summer interns have improved MRI technology, studied medications, and more. Spend your summer with us for 11 weeks of hands-on lab experience with world-class mentors in one of NIST’s six labs or other offices.&nbsp;
What You’ll Get &nbsp;
In 2026, we expect to provide $7,810 for the 11-week summer stipend ($710 per week). If you’re participating in person, you’ll need to find your own housing. We will share a list of affordable housing options when you’re selected. Limited financial assistance for housing ($4,500) and travel (up to $500) is available for students who need to relocate for the summer. In-person local participants may receive&nbsp;support for commuting (varies) assistance.
Eligibility and Requirements
You must be a U.S. citizen or U.S. permanent resident able to provide proof on your application. You must be a full-time undergraduate student in an accredited two-year or four-year college in the U.S. First-year undergraduates and graduating seniors (seniors participating in the Winter or Spring Commencement) are eligible and encouraged to apply to the program.
Participants will work 40 hours per week (Monday through Friday during business hours). You must also:&nbsp;
Pass a background check
Provide proof of health insurance
Receive your payments by direct deposit
Be at least 18 years old&nbsp;
How to Apply
Apply to the SURF program through USAJobs. All documents are required and must be submitted for consideration. Please submit your documents as PDF files if possible. Detailed instructions are available in the program&nbsp; FAQs .&nbsp;
Contact Us
surf [at] nist.gov (surf[at]nist[dot]gov)
Taking Measure Blog Posts from SURF Students
A Summer of Science: How Our Interns Spent Their Summers in the Lab
August 27, 2025
From self-driving cars to advancing forensics technology, NIST’s interns had a busy summer in the lab.
‌A Summer of Studying Cybersecurity — and Human Error’s Role in Attacks
August 21, 2024
A NIST intern spent his summer researching cybersecurity — and the human errors that can jeopardize it.
A Summer of Science: NIST Interns’ Stories of Their Time in the Lab
August 2, 2023
From measuring UV light to working on virtual reality software, a summer at NIST is not your average internship.
Clear as Glass: Studying Drug-Delivery Materials as a NIST SURF Student
October 6, 2021
This summer was an interesting one, to say the least. I was in the Summer Undergraduate Research Fellowship (SURF) program offered by the National Institute of
View All Blogs
News and Updates
Where Design Inspires Learning: NIST Summer Undergraduate Research Fellowship (SURF) Program
September 8, 2026
Returning to the National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) this summer was an exciting opportunity to continue the work I started during...
Welcome 2026 SURF Fellows
July 14, 2026
The Office of Weights and Measures (OWM) is happy to welcome Dominick Mendez and Yoon Thwel and who are serving as a 2026 Summer Undergraduate Research...
2024 NIST Internship Reflections
October 1, 2024
During the summer of 2024, the NIST Physical Measurement Laboratory’s ( PML) Office of Weights and Measures ( OWM) hosted two undergraduate students through the...
Spotlight: SURF Student Theresa Thomas Helps With Making a Database on the Circular Economy More Accessible
August 16, 2024
Accessibility comes in many forms, such as providing alt text or descriptive text of an image on a website, or generally making information more accessible to a...
View All News and Updates
Contacts
International and Academic Affairs Office
[email&#160;protected]
Was this page helpful?
HEADQUARTERS
100 Bureau Drive
Gaithersburg, MD 20899
301-975-2000
Webmaster | Contact Us | Our Other Offices
X.com
Facebook
LinkedIn
Instagram
YouTube
Giphy
RSS Feed
Mailing List
How are we doing?
Feedback
Site Privacy
Accessibility
Privacy Program
Copyright &amp; Disclaimers
Vulnerability Disclosure
No Fear Act Policy
FOIA
Environmental Policy
Scientific Integrity
Information Quality Standards
Commerce.gov
Science.gov
USA.gov
Vote.gov
