Global FutureFocus Program | Optiver
Skip to menu
Skip to search
Skip to main content
Skip to footer
Menu
Menu
FutureFocus
Apply now
Apply now
Back to Programs
Your five-day pathway to an internship
FutureFocus is Optiver&#x27;s five-day discovery program for first and second-year students designed to help you explore how your STEM skills could translate into impactful careers in trading, technology and quantitative research. Led by the people behind our internship programs, you&#x27;ll work through technical lectures, skill-building workshops, and hands-on projects that offer an inside look at real challenges our teams solve every day. Whether you&#x27;re drawn to quant trading and research, or to the technology that powers it all there&#x27;s a track for you.
W h y c h o o s e F u t u r e F o c u s ?
Deepen your knowledge
Explore trading fundamentals and discover how our teams solve complex problems in a rapidly evolving, high-performance environment.
Build skills with experts
Develop practical skills with our in-house education team made up of seasoned researchers, engineers, and traders who teach full-time.
Secure your future
Excelling in the program could lead to a fast-tracked summer internship offer.
Experience Optiver
Get a genuine taste of our culture, people, and pace. Experience first-hand how our collaborative environment drives everything we do.
Grow your network
Connect with experienced engineers, traders and researchers, alongside a cohort of like-minded students.
A closer look at each track
Technology
Get a first-hand look at how engineers solve complex problems—from building low-latency systems to optimizing trading performance. Guided by our tech education team, you’ll work through structured lectures and interactive workshops that reinforce key concepts in real time. Through hands-on coding exercises, you’ll see how technology directly impacts trading decisions and market efficiency.
Quantitative Trading &amp; Research
Get a preview into the fundamentals of trading through interactive lectures with our dedicated trader development team. Apply your knowledge through trading games and algorithm design contests, and get one-on-one time with our traders and researchers through desk shadows. You’ll also take part in research workshops that simulate the day-to-day work of a quant researcher in a trading environment.
H e a r i t f r o m t h e m
“Definitely the best pre-quant program out there. I really appreciated how honest and transparent it was, and how much you taught us while pushing us to grow.”
FutureFocus participant Chicago
“I appreciated the fast pace, even though it was more intense than I expected. It allowed me to learn a lot in a short amount of time, and made the whole experience dynamic and rewarding.”
FutureFocus participant Amsterdam
I n s i d e t h e p r o g r a m
Start your application
Career Kickstarter - Tech
Amsterdam
Early Careers
Technology
Early Careers
Technology
Career Kickstarter - Trading 2026
Amsterdam
Early Careers
Trading
Early Careers
Trading
Explore all open roles
Explore all open roles
Inside the internship
Looking forward to what could be next? Get a behind the scenes look into our internship program.
Diverse perspectives, one challenge: How three trading interns tackled the S&amp;P straddle project
Trading
Day in the life: Quant trader intern
Trading
From FutureFocus to Optiver’s quant trading internship
Trading
FutureFocus to intern: Steph’s tech journey into the trading industry
Technology
Bharath’s Story: Engineering a career in the trading industry
Technology
FAQ
How correlated is being good at mental math and being good at trading?
What majors do you typically look for?
What&#x27;s the difference between quant trading and quant research?
Can I apply for a program outside the country where I live or study in?
Who is eligible for the program?
What&#x27;s the application process like?
Can I apply for more than one program track?
Do you cover travel expenses?
Join our talent community Keep up with early careers opportunities
Footer navigation
At Optiver, we continuously quote buy and sell prices across financial markets, using our own capital and advanced technology to provide liquidity at scale across products, venues and market conditions.
More about Optiver
What we do
Research
Trading
Technology
Risk
Trade with us
Join us
All jobs
How we work
Students
Meet us at an event
Our locations
About Us
Education
Principal Strategic Investments
Optiver Foundation
Alumni
Contact
© Copyright 2026. All Rights Reserved Privacy Policy
Disclosures
Cookie Policy
Notices
