Programs: Undergraduate Complexity Research | Santa Fe Institute
Santa Fe
Institute Research Themes
Projects
SFI Press
Researchers
Publications
Library
Sponsored Research
Fellowships
Miller Scholarships
News + Events News
Newsletters
Podcasts
SFI in the Media
Media Center
Events
Community
Journalism Fellowship
Education Programs
Projects
Alumni
Complexity Explorer
Education FAQ
Postdoctoral Research
Education Supporters
People Researchers
Fractal Faculty
Staff
Miller Scholars
Trustees
Governance
Resident Artists
Research Supporters
Applied Complexity Office
Applied Projects
ACtioN
Applied Fellows
Studios
Applied Events
Login
Give Give Now
Ways to Give
Contact
About About SFI
Engage
Complex Systems
FAQ
Campuses
Jobs
Contact
Library
Employee Portal
Home / Engage / Learn / Programs
Undergraduate Complexity Research
Overview
Experience
Logistics
Applying
A Research Experience for Undergraduate Students
Are you fascinated by questions and ideas that transcend or combine disciplines?
Do you want to contribute to new theories for systems that adapt, evolve, and have complex interactions?
Program Overview
The SFI Undergraduate Complexity Research (UCR) program is a 10-week residential experience in complexity science research. Each student develops a project in collaboration with their mentor(s); projects are selected and refined through discussions early in the program, based on ideas from students and SFI researchers. Students learn how to combine theory, methods, and data from the physical, natural, and social sciences to ask big questions about real-world complex systems using the rigorous methods employed at SFI. Through a series of seminars and workshops, students enhance their skills as researchers and prepare for the next steps in their academic and professional journeys.&nbsp;
photo credit: Doug Merriam
For questions not addressed on these pages, email education@santafe.edu
Education Mailing List
Program Details
Begins: May 31 2026
Ends: Aug 08 2026
Please note: The information on these pages reflects the 2026 summer program. For information about the 2027 program and associated application process, please return to this page in November 2026.
Dates &amp; Times
May 31 &ndash; August 8, 2026
The UCR program is a full-time (work-day) commitment. All participants are expected to attend the entire 10-week program in person.
Stipend &amp; Support
Students receive a stipend of $7,000 over the course of the program. All UCRs are provided with housing and meals at no cost to them, as well as travel support to/from Santa Fe, New Mexico.
Program Support &nbsp; The Santa Fe Institute UCR program is supported by the National Science Foundation BIO REU (Award No. 2349052) and SFI&rsquo;s generous donors &mdash; Darla Moore Foundation, McKinnon Family Foundation, Bengier Foundation, and Eugene &amp; Jean Stark.
Goals
Explore new ideas through an independent transdisciplinary research project, guided by an SFI mentor
Develop a deeper understanding of complex systems research through discussions and seminars
Become a part of the SFI research network and connect with new colleagues and collaborators
Build technical and professional skills such as effective science communication, robust research methods, and outcome-driven collaboration
Learn about and explore the diverse future career opportunities of those studying complexity science
Join a small, collegial, and enthusiastic UCR community who help each other succeed &ndash; even after the end of summer
Audience
Undergraduate students from all backgrounds in the physical, natural, and social sciences and mathematics are invited to participate. Strong quantitative skills and/or experience with a programming language are favorably considered. Please refer to the &ldquo;Applying&rdquo; tab for details regarding eligibility.
The UCR team is committed to offering programs in which all participants feel valued and supported in their learning journey. We believe that open discourse and the respectful sharing of broad perspectives is essential to meaningful scientific progress, and we welcome you to join us.
For further information, please review all of the tabs associated with this program; scroll to the top or go directly to Experience , Logistics , and Applying .
Science for a Complex World
Events
Here&#x27;s what&#x27;s happening
Give
You make SFI possible
Subscribe
Sign up for research news
Connect
Follow us on social media
© 2026 Santa Fe Institute. All rights reserved. This site is supported by the Miller Omega Program.
