Summer Undergraduate Research in Symbolic Systems | Symbolic Systems Program
Skip to main content
Stanford University
Stanford
Symbolic Systems Program
School of Humanities And Sciences
Search
Menu
About Overview
What&#039;s in a name?
History
Alumni
News
Make a Gift
Contact Us
For Undergraduates B.S. Program
How To Declare
Major Requirements
Minor Requirements
Concentrations
Honors Program
Undergrad Advising
Forms
For Graduates Master&#039;s Program
M.S. Admissions
M.S. Forms
People Affiliated Faculty and Academic Staff
Administration
Postdoctoral Scholars
Graduate Students
Advising Fellows
Award Recipients
Events Symbolic Systems Events
SSP Forum
Distinguished Speakers Series
Wasow Visiting Scholars in Symbolic Systems
Other Related Events
Past Events
Commencement
Opportunities SymSys Society
Research
Opportunities
SymSys Society
Research
Toggle Research
Summer Undergraduate Research in Symbolic Systems
GEAR
Main content start
Summer Undergraduate Research in Symbolic Systems
[updated April 6, 2026]
The Symbolic Systems Summer Internship Program allows students who will be continuing their undergraduate study to work as research assistants on projects defined by Symbolic Systems faculty.
The Internship Program is made possible through a combination of external research grants to faculty and a Departmental Grant to the Symbolic Systems Program from the Vice Provost for Undergraduate Education (VPUE).
Full-time (35+ hours/week), 10-week, paid internships are available in the Summer only. Internships may be done for a stipend or for credit (e.g. under SYMSYS 196 (Independent Study ). Research done for independent study credit may be applied toward the Capstone Experiential Requirement of the undergraduate major Core .
Eligibility
Only Stanford University undergraduates may apply. Priority is given to students who have declared a major in Symbolic Systems.
Pay and Commitment
Full-time internships come with a base stipend of $8,500, with additional needs-based supplements (up to $1,500) available with certification from the Financial Aid office.
In addition to their project duties, interns will be expected to: Attend special events for all interns during the Summer quarter
Submit evaluations to VPUE by the deadline at the end of summer
Present a poster at the Fall Poster Fair in the beginning of Autumn Quarter.
How to Apply
The application form for the 2026 summer internship program was emailed to declared SymSys undergraduates on the afternoon of February 17th, 2026. From that date through March 9, 2026 (the Priority Period), only declared Symbolic Systems majors may be hired for internships, if funding is provided by the program.
After March 9th, remaining internships and funds can be allocated both for SymSys and non-SymSys Stanford undergraduates hired by faculty with the approval of the Symbolic Systems Program. The application form is no longer available for 2026.
If you have general questions about the summer internship program, please contact the Student Services Officer for Symbolic Systems ( symsys-sso [at] stanford.edu (symsys-sso[at]stanford[dot]edu) ).
Preparing to Apply for SymSys Internships
Below is the schedule for SymSys Internships in 2026:
February 17 - Faculty-submitted internship descriptions are posted, and declared SymSys majors are invited to submit their profiles, including a resume/CV and unofficial transcript, and up to 5 preferred projects. The link to the application form was emailed to declared SymSys majors on that day.
February 18 - First Visibility : Student profiles and internship preferences become visible to faculty
February 18 - March 9 - Priority Period : SymSys Internships may only be offered to and accepted by current students who are declared majors in Symbolic Systems who meet VPUE eligibility criteria (current undergraduates who will not receive their Bachelor's degree before Summer Quarter 2026), if funds are still available.
March 9: Post-Priority Period begins: SymSys Internships may be offered to any current undergraduate who meets VPUE eligibility criteria, if funds are still available.
April 15: Deadline for faculty to notify the Symbolic Systems Program office that a student has accepted an internship offer, and for us to confirm that funds are available.
Early or Mid-June - Stipend checks issued to students with Summer Internships.
June 22 - August 28 - Summer Quarter internship period
Early Autumn - Symbolic Systems Fall Poster Fair (participation is mandatory for all SymSys Interns)
Other Summer Research Opportunities
In addition to the SymSys Internship Program, there are a number of other ways in which SymSys undergraduates can get involved in research, both on- and off-campus. Internship funding is competitive --- there are more students interested than there are funds to support undergraduate research. You are therefore urged to investigate the opportunities below in addition to the SymSys Internships described above, if you are interested in doing research this Spring and/or Summer:
Other departmental research programs at Stanford (NOTE: the deadline to apply to the Computer Science Department’s CURIS Program is February 10th )
Undergraduate Research Student Grants (for student-driven, independent, original scholarly projects under the guidance of a Faculty Mentor, including research for a thesis project in the Symbolic Systems Honors Program or in an Interdisciplinary Honors Program )
Tech Ethics &amp; Policy Summer Fellowships (sponsored by the Stanford Ethics, Society, &amp; Technology - EST - Hub and the Stanford Institute for Human-Centered Artificial Intelligence - HAI)
Research Experience for Undergraduates (REU) in the Stanford School of Engineering
Research Experiences for Undergraduates (REU) at other universities and research organizations in the U.S. (funded by the National Science Foundation)
Repperger Summer Research Internship Program at U.S. Department of Defense laboratories
Jobs and Internships listed in Handshake via Stanford’s Career Education office, CareerEd (research internships – both on- and off-campus – are included in the listings)
Back to Top
Contact Us
Computing and Data Science Building
389 Jane Stanford Way
Stanford University
Stanford, CA 94305-2057
Additional Contact Information
SUNet Login
Stanford
University
Stanford Home
Maps &amp; Directions
Search Stanford
Emergency Info
Terms of Use
Privacy
Copyright
Trademarks
Non-Discrimination
Accessibility
&copy; Stanford University.
&nbsp; Stanford, California 94305.
