Volant Trading
Volant Trading
HOME
ABOUT US
WORK HERE
CONTACT US
Always Innovating
Successful strategies require analysis, creativity and focus, taking advantage of the latest technologies.
GET IN TOUCH
Who we are
Volant is a technology-driven trading firm comprised of quantitative traders and technologists who work together as a single team. For more than two decades, we have specialized in automated options, futures and equities trading. We pride ourselves on our entrepreneurial culture, exceptional people and ability to adapt.
What we do
Trading
As a proprietary trading firm, we are dedicated to capturing market opportunities on major exchanges around the world. Our trading team is constantly conducting research and analysis to enhance our strategies and develop new ideas.
Technology
Keeping ourselves at the cutting edge of trading technology is critical to our success. That's why our tech team has the resources and freedom it needs to unlock creativity and develop innovative solutions.
Join our Team
We are currently hiring for a variety of roles in Hong Kong, including entry-level and experienced software developers and traders. To apply, please send your resume to careers@volanttrading.com.
We offer a range of opportunities for employees to develop new skills and gain expertise.
Mentorship
Every new hire is paired with a mentor who offers knowledge and guidance as well as assistance acclimating to the firm.
Training
All employees have access to internal classes on topics including options, trading and Volant's proprietary technology systems.
Tuition Reimbursement
Employees receive tuition reimbursement for external job-related classes and programs.
Health Coverage
All employees and their families receive health insurance, including medical, dental, and vision.
Bonuses
All employees are eligible for bonuses.
Time Off
All employees receive generous paid vacation.
Social Life
We enjoy a variety of happy hours, holiday parties, and family-friendly celebrations.
Daily Life
We provide lunch and stock our kitchen with healthy snacks and beverages.
Get in Touch
Tel: +852 2600 2000
Email: info@volanttrading.com / Email: careers@volanttrading.com
Address: 12/F, Three Pacific Place 1 Queen's Road East, Hong Kong
