JOIN OUR TEAM | Voloridge
Skip to main content
Main navigation
OUR STORY
Our Culture
JOIN OUR TEAM
OUR APPROACH
OUR IMPACT
Get In Touch
OUR PEOPLE
OUR FRIENDS
Login
JOIN OUR TEAM
Our objective is to recognize talent, acknowledge hard work and reward success.
&nbsp;
Employee Stories
Discover what it is like to work at Voloridge
Daniel Hammack
,
Lead Strategy Manager
Daniel is a Kaggle Grandmaster with a passion for machine learning, natural language processing and deep learning. He received his undergraduate degree from the University of Central Florida in Mathematics while working full-time for Voloridge. Outside the office, you can find Daniel kitesurfing at the beach.
Triin Tomingas
,
Senior Staff Accountant
Estonia native Triin is our multi-lingual senior staff accountant who brings over a decade of accounting experience from her home country, Spain and the US. She is a big fan of the outdoors and has recently embraced the paddleboard life!
Sean Hayes
,
Partner/Advisor
Sean brings vast experience within sales and marketing disciplines on the entrepreneurial and corporate side to Voloridge. He is a University of Central Florida graduate who enjoys all of the Florida lifestyle, especially boating, jet skiing and deep-sea fishing.
Mike Murray
,
Trading Technology Manager
Mike has more than 20 years of experience building different solutions, including 3D immersive military simulators that trained special ops forces and apps that allowed golfers to book tee times. He loves spending time with his family and pets watching movies and sports, especially UCF football and Manchester United. He also enjoys reading technical books, learning new skills and teaching them to his kids.
David S. Vogel
,
Chief Executive Officer &amp; Chief Data Scientist
David is a renowned data mining and predictive modeling expert who has earned international recognition for his predictive modeling accuracy, winning the prestigious KDD Cup six times and the Heritage Health Prize in 2013. He has a passion for health and fitness and is a fierce competitor in Voloridge’s health-oriented monthly challenges!
Alexis Johnson
,
Chief Financial Officer
Alexis oversees the financial functions for Voloridge’s funds. She has vast industry experience, encompassing all areas of fund accounting and resource management. Alexis enjoys the many outdoor sports South Florida has to offer, including beach volleyball and pedal kayaking.
Imre Jansen
,
Senior Business Development Associate
Netherlands native Imre brings over ten years of industry experience to Voloridge and is an integral contributor to the business development team managing new and existing client relationships. He is a keen sportsman and an active member of the Voloridge Run Club.
Andres Olano
,
Data Analyst
Andres is one of Voloridge’s intern program success stories, having started as an intern. He is a proud University of Central Florida alumni with a Bachelor of Science degree in Computer Science. Andres is a computer gamer who enjoys learning new technologies, exercising, traveling and grilling with family and friends.
Mark M. Kamp
,
General Counsel
Mark has decades of business and corporate legal experience and oversees the firm’s legal and compliance functions. He enjoys spending time with his family and is a football fan who loves to see the Buffalo Bills win!
See more employee stories
Previous
Next
&nbsp;
Internship Opportunities
Quantitative Developer Intern 2027
Quantitative Research Fellowship 2027
Quantitative Research Intern 2027
Career Opportunities
Senior System Administrator
Compliance Technology Engineer
Human Resources Generalist
Recruiting Coordinator
Programs &amp; Events
Ascend Program 2027
View VOLO Health Career Opportunities
&nbsp;
Intern Program
Voloridge’s internship program provides a rare opportunity to gain experience within a performance-driven investment management business that uses advanced data science and mathematics along with big data and intelligent software to attempt to deliver superior risk-adjusted returns. Our interns are given meaningful projects with the opportunity to play an integral role in our business while working alongside exceptional colleagues in a highly collaborative and entrepreneurial environment. We are looking for enthusiastic, mathematically gifted, intellectually curious and highly analytical students from diverse backgrounds to join our internship program. We look forward to helping you thrive and establishing a foundation for a successful and rewarding career.
RECRUITING &amp; INTERVIEWS
At Voloridge, we do not just think about recruitment; we invest in employee development and retention
Our Recruitment Process
Our primary goal in the recruitment process is to provide candidates the opportunity to assess if Voloridge complements their desired culture and career aspirations. Selected applicants are invited to partake in a thorough and insightful recruiting experience. To learn more about what to expect, explore the following key steps of our online recruitment process:
Submit Resume
Application and Compliance Questionnaire
HR Video Interview
Assessments
Video/Telephone Interview(s)
Face-to-face Interviews
Submit Resume
To become an applicant at Voloridge, you simply need to provide your resume via our website. Please view our Current Opportunities and submit your resume for the position(s) of interest to you.
Application and Compliance Questionnaire
If you are selected for the next step, you will receive an email to complete and submit our application and compliance questionnaire. These documents are an essential part of your interview, so please make sure to submit them timely. Due to the high volume of applications, we cannot consider those that are incomplete.
HR Video Interview
Applicants chosen to continue will have the opportunity to participate in a video interview with a member of our Human Resources team to learn more about our company and the specific role. Our objective is to discover more about you and your skills and experience. You will be sent the invitation along with instructions and a link to join the video interview.
Assessments
Most of our roles involve pre-employment assessments designed to help us understand how you will perform in activities that are an essential part of the role for which you are applying. We will use this information alongside your application and resume to create a holistic view of your suitability for the position. The assessments are completed online; some are administered by an external testing provider and others internally by our team. You will receive an email from us with relevant details on how to access and complete the tests.
Video/Telephone Interview(s)
Select applicants will be asked to take part in video interviews with one or more team members. This is your time to connect with employees you would potentially collaborate with at Voloridge. You will be sent the invitation along with instructions and a link to join the video interview(s).
On-site Interviews
Candidates who have reached the final stage(s) of our recruitment process will be invited to meet us in our office (or in certain circumstances virtually) for one to two days of on-site interviews. In order to get to know one another better, you will meet with several individuals from across the business. Remember, while we are assessing whether you are the right candidate for us, we hope you are also evaluating whether we are the right company for you.
Upon arrival, we ask that you call us to be escorted to our secure floor, where you will be greeted and given a tour of our offices.
Previous
Next
&nbsp;
Frequently Asked Questions
APPLICANT FAQ
GENERAL FAQ
Do I need experience in the financial services industry to work at Voloridge?
Experience in the finance industry is not required for most of our positions. Our employees come from multiple industries and represent a variety of disciplines such as math, physics, statistics, and software development, as well as financial services.
How do I apply to Voloridge?
To learn about our career opportunities and to apply for open positions within the firm, please visit our job openings .
Can I apply for multiple jobs?
Yes, you can apply for more than one position, though we recommend narrowing your choices down to the jobs that truly match your skills, experience, and interests.
I applied in the past and was not selected. May I reapply?
Absolutely, we welcome applicants to reapply for positions that represent their current skills and experience.
Does Voloridge sponsor work authorization visas for international candidates?
Yes, Voloridge will work with qualified candidates if hired to apply for the required work authorization.
Does Voloridge offer remote work or flexible work arrangements?
We offer flexible schedules and remote work opportunities based on the role within the organization.
Where can I learn more about the benefits package offered?
We care deeply about our employees’ health and well-being and offer a broad range of top tier benefits. Please visit our perks and benefits to learn more.
What does the name ‘Voloridge’ stand for?
In Latin, Voloridge means to ascend a ridge.
We&#039;re hiring!
Current Opportunities
X
&nbsp;
Footer menu
OUR APPROACH
OUR PEOPLE
OUR CULTURE
OUR STORY
JOIN OUR TEAM
Copyright 2026 Voloridge Investment Management, LLC. All rights reserved.
Privacy Policy
