Careers | Wintermute
OTC DeFi Liquidity Ventures Insights Company Log-In
Back OTC Spot Options Forwards CFDs Tailored products Node API Liquidity
Back Liquidity Algorithmic trading
Back Ventures Portfolio
Back Insights Discover
Back Company Who we serve Careers Events Construct Campus
OTC OTC OTC OTC Trade at the source of liquidity
Spot
Spot Hundreds of tokens
Options
Options Bespoke structures
Forwards
Forwards Flexible delivery
CFDs
CFDs Leveraged access
Tailored products
Tailored products Custom designed strategies
Node
Node Institutional gateway
API Liquidity
API Liquidity Programmatic liquidity
DeFi DeFi
Liquidity Liquidity Liquidity
Liquidity Unlock deep liquidity for your token
Algorithmic trading
Algorithmic trading Cutting-edge exchange trading
Ventures Ventures Ventures
Ventures Team up with an early stage investor
Portfolio
Portfolio
Insights Insights Insights
Insights Read top insights and market news
Discover
Discover Explore all insights
Company Company Company Company Get to know Wintermute
Who we serve
Who we serve Tailored offerings
Careers
Careers Working at Wintermute
Events
Events Meet us at the next event
Construct
Construct Build alongside top operators
Campus
Campus What we&#x27;re doing next
Node.Wintermute.Com Log-In
Empowering people to achieve more
Join Wintermute’s dynamic, high-performing, and collaborative team culture
Company › Opportunities Explore open roles
High performing individuals
Nationalities represented
Voluntary retention, %
Employee shareholders, %
Employees benefitting from profit sharing
“
We focus on hiring the fewest number of the most talented and high-performing individuals, who can be versatile and grow within the company. At Wintermute, every role is a revenue generating one and expected to make true impact. ”
Marina Gurevich, COO of Wintermute
Wintermute values
Ambitious
Ambitious
We set the most ambitious goals
We set the highest standards for ourselves and work hard
We play to win
Collaborative
Collaborative
We go above and beyond to help our partners and counterparties grow
We work as a team, not as siloed groups or individuals
We are united by common goals and values
Entrepreneurial
Entrepreneurial
We love building new innovative things
We move very fast and focus on the results
We empower everyone from day 1 to act like an owner
Meritocratic
Meritocratic
We are non-hierarchical, informal, and direct
We focus on results above seniority and experience
We generously reward results
Wintermute teams
Trading
At Wintermute, trading encompasses algorithmic trading on exchanges, quantitative, OTC and sales trading of spot and derivatives. Our traders work closely together across all asset classes, are exceptionally smart, driven, and truly understand the industry behind the ticker signs.
Company › Opportunities Open roles Algorithmic trading Explore algorithmic trading
Technology
Technology is a very core driver of Wintermute’s edge. Our technology team includes trading system focused developers, data and market signal focused developers, and infrastructure specialists who build our advantage in low latency. We apply the highest standards of security and performance in our trading technology and expect top performance from our engineering talent.
Company › Opportunities Open roles Algorithmic trading Explore algorithmic trading
Business development &amp; partnerships
Wintermute BD team drives value creation with our key partners: from OTC counterparties, blockchain projects, and ecosystem players. Our BD team are not salespeople, they are multidisciplinary experts with deep knowledge of both traditional finance and cutting-edge crypto products, bridging two worlds to unlock value for our partners.
Company › Opportunities Open roles
DeFi &amp; Research
Wintermute’s DeFi team isn’t just part of the DeFi ecosystem—we helped build it from the beginning. From DeFi summer of 2020 to innovation in MEV and building Rizzolver, our fingerprints are on every major milestone. Our DeFi team spans trading, technology, research, and governance, making it a dynamic destination for entrepreneurial minds looking to define the future.
Company › Opportunities Open roles
Control
The control teams at Wintermute are more than oversight— they are part of our driving force for sustainable growth. Bringing together legal, compliance, risk, middle office, and corporate finance, they help us achieve business objectives in a compliant and risk measured way. Their efficiency and customer-first mindset are part of Wintermute’s competitive edge.
Company › Opportunities Open roles
Product and marketing
At Wintermute, product and marketing mirror the agility of tech companies closer than that of our trading competitors. Our product team shapes the end-to-end counterparty experience, from platform products like Wintermute Node to all lifecycle touchpoints. Marketing builds our brand’s impact in the industry and works closely with the product team to ensure successful product launches that shape the industry.
Company › Opportunities Open roles
Business operations
Our business operations teams drive Wintermute’s people and strategic initiatives. Covering functions like recruitment, HR, as well as strategy &amp; operations, together they ensure that Wintermute attracts exceptional talent with aligned values and tackle the most pressing strategic projects with critical cross-functional problem-solving skills.
Company › Careers Open roles
Trading
At Wintermute, trading encompasses algorithmic trading on exchanges, quantitative, OTC and sales trading of spot and derivatives. Our traders work closely together across all asset classes, are exceptionally smart, driven, and truly understand the industry behind the ticker signs.
Company › Opportunities Open roles Algorithmic trading Explore algorithmic trading
Technology
Technology is a very core driver of Wintermute’s edge. Our technology team includes trading system focused developers, data and market signal focused developers, and infrastructure specialists who build our advantage in low latency. We apply the highest standards of security and performance in our trading technology and expect top performance from our engineering talent.
Company › Opportunities Open roles Algorithmic trading Explore algorithmic trading
Business development &amp; partnerships
Wintermute BD team drives value creation with our key partners: from OTC counterparties, blockchain projects, and ecosystem players. Our BD team are not salespeople, they are multidisciplinary experts with deep knowledge of both traditional finance and cutting-edge crypto products, bridging two worlds to unlock value for our partners.
Company › Opportunities Open roles
DeFi &amp; Research
Wintermute’s DeFi team isn’t just part of the DeFi ecosystem—we helped build it from the beginning. From DeFi summer of 2020 to innovation in MEV and building Rizzolver, our fingerprints are on every major milestone. Our DeFi team spans trading, technology, research, and governance, making it a dynamic destination for entrepreneurial minds looking to define the future.
Company › Opportunities Open roles
Control
The control teams at Wintermute are more than oversight— they are part of our driving force for sustainable growth. Bringing together legal, compliance, risk, middle office, and corporate finance, they help us achieve business objectives in a compliant and risk measured way. Their efficiency and customer-first mindset are part of Wintermute’s competitive edge.
Company › Opportunities Open roles
Product and marketing
At Wintermute, product and marketing mirror the agility of tech companies closer than that of our trading competitors. Our product team shapes the end-to-end counterparty experience, from platform products like Wintermute Node to all lifecycle touchpoints. Marketing builds our brand’s impact in the industry and works closely with the product team to ensure successful product launches that shape the industry.
Company › Opportunities Open roles
Business operations
Our business operations teams drive Wintermute’s people and strategic initiatives. Covering functions like recruitment, HR, as well as strategy &amp; operations, together they ensure that Wintermute attracts exceptional talent with aligned values and tackle the most pressing strategic projects with critical cross-functional problem-solving skills.
Company › Careers Open roles
Hear from our team
1 / 4
2 / 4
3 / 4
4 / 4
Meaningful impact right from the start
When applying to Wintermute, I knew that I would be working hands on in the middle of the crypto landscape. From day one, I was working on new exchange infrastructure, interacting with the trading system and helping to improve the existing code base. Even as a new joiner, my ideas were given time and thought and I had the opportunity to work on projects that I helped propose - including an improved tracker for trade P&amp;L and better metrics for our OTC trades. The small team and focus on meritocracy makes you feel like you&#x27;re having a meaningful impact. It&#x27;s great to be able to see your improvements working live, and to be rewarded for their success.
David
Algorithmic Trader
Cross-team collaboration is integral
Being at the forefront of DeFi, Wintermute’s Research team offered me a perspective that is often elusive from the outside. One of the most enriching aspects of my experience at Wintermute is the chance to collaborate across our multi talented team. Their mentorship and insights play a pivotal role in my growth. One of my projects involved diving into the MEV Supply Chain, and I encountered a problem whilst analyzing block builder behaviors. Being able to turn around to discuss with the Wintermute DeFi team, helped me quickly unlock new ways of tackling the issue at hand.
Zak
DeFi Researcher
Wintermute values entrepreneurship
I started my journey with Wintermute as an intern. From cooperating with different blockchain projects, providing liquidity to the crypto markets, or building new projects on DeFi, you get to work in the epicenter of the ecosystem. Wintermute values entrepreneurship. Your career growth is highly correlated with your drive to bring new ideas, improve existing systems and expand your accountabilities. Even as an intern, my voice was heard and my contributions were well accounted for. Now I am overseeing an extensive number of partnerships across liquidity provisioning and OTC trading.
Aytzhan
Business Development Manager
Evolving challenges keep the job interesting
Driven by my passion for crypto, I joined Wintermute to elevate my personal interest into a career. I work on building internal trading systems that integrate with leading DeFi protocols. DeFi, being a relatively novel ecosystem, exposes me to diverse and challenging problems daily: from modeling various sources of AMM liquidity, to optimizing transaction execution on chains like Ethereum and Solana that have very different approaches to transaction inclusion and ordering. The ambition of the Wintermute DeFi team and the constantly evolving on-chain trading landscape keep the job interesting, making this an exciting place to work.
Felix
DeFi Searcher
Wintermute life
Wintermute’s culture is all about balance, we work hard and play hard. With an informal, non-hierarchical environment, we bond over shared meals, social events, and unique experiences that build a strong sense of connection and community.
Working lunch options
Activities organized at our annual team building event
Interest clubs with monthly activity
Hours people played D&amp;D in the office
Company › Opportunities Apply
To join the Wintermute team
Contact Contact
To reach Wintermute Recruitment
Company Company
To discover Wintermute
Contact Contact Careers Careers Events Events Brand Brand
Telegram Bot YouTube X LinkedIn
Wintermute Trading Ltd., a company registered in England &amp; Wales (Company No. 10882520), is registered with the UK Financial Conduct Authority for its cryptoasset activities under the Money Laundering, Terrorist Financing and Transfer for Funds (Information on the Payer) Regulations 2017 as amended (FRN:928764). Wintermute Asia Pte. Ltd. is incorporated in Singapore (Company No. 202108542H), and primarily trades certain derivatives referencing cryptoassets. Each of Wintermute Trading Ltd. and Wintermute Asia Pte. Ltd. is hereafter referred to as &quot;Wintermute Entity&quot;. Neither Wintermute Entity is authorised or regulated by any regulatory authority. Any party trading with either Wintermute Entity may not benefit from the protections typically provided when trading with regulated entities, such as any compensation or ombudsman schemes.
Each Wintermute Entity trades for its own account and with assets (including digital assets) that belong to it. Neither Wintermute Entity engages in the management, custody or holding of any assets, including cryptoassets or fiat currency, on behalf of investors or customers.
No communication, whether verbal or written, by either of Wintermute Entities or by any persons on behalf of Wintermute Entities is intended to, or shall be construed as or deemed to, establish a customer relationship with or a provision of services by either Wintermute Entity. Any references to market making, market maker, liquidity provisioning or similar terms on this website or otherwise in connection with our activities do not refer to liquidity provisioning services, market making services or any other regulated activities which may be referred to using the same, or similar name, by any regulatory or self regulatory organizations.
Neither Wintermute Entity provides any warranty, whether express or implied, as to any results, including, but not limited to, in relation to prices and the timing, speed or likelihood of any transactions with Wintermute.
The material provided on this website is provided for information purposes only and does not constitute an offer or solicitation for the purchase of any cryptoassets or any form of financial instruments referencing cryptoassets. The information on this website is not directed at nor intended for distribution to, or use by, any person resident in any country or jurisdiction where such distribution or use would be contrary to local law or regulation.
Privacy Policy Privacy Policy Cookies Policy Cookies Policy Modern Slavery Statement Modern Slavery Statement
