International Quant Championship 2026 - WorldQuant
Skip to content
English 繁體中文
open menus
How we work
Who we are
Ideas Playing the Infinite Game
WorldQuant Announces Completion of Inaugural Global Alphathon Competition
The Next Imitation Game: AI Wins the Nobel
People &#038; Pathways:
Tonya Horton
Crypto’s Identity Crisis
Behavioral Finance:
A Nobel Cause
Decentralized Finance:
A Primer
The Power of
Exponential Thinking
Consultant Spotlight:
Azmi Fauzi
Fuzzy Approaches in Financial Modeling
Careers
Contact
BRAIN
Instagram
linkedin
facebook
youtube
close menus
Are you the next quant champion? &#8482;
Break into the world of quantitative finance and participate in WorldQuant BRAIN&#8217;s 2026 International Quant Championship — our flagship competition and have the opportunity to represent your country or region at the Global Finals in Singapore this September.
Stage 1 opens on March 17th.
About the competition
The International Quant Championship is a three-stage, team-based competition running from March to September 2026. Using WorldQuant BRAIN’s simulation platform, International Quant Championship participants accumulate points by building alphas* using historical market data and predefined operators to simulate equity positions.
* WorldQuant defines “alphas” as mathematical models that seek to predict the future price movements of various financial instruments.
Stage 1
Qualifier Round
March 17 to May 18, 2026
Teams of 1 to 4 members compete in a qualifier round using the WorldQuant BRAIN platform to create alphas. All team members must be from the same university. In addition, there will be a separate leaderboard on the WorldQuant BRAIN platform, which will show each university that is being represented by a team in the IQC. Each university will be ranked on this leaderboard according to the aggregate score of the respective teams associated with such universities. We hope this highlights the broad diversity of universities from which all BRAIN community members come from and showcases the strong relationships between academia and the quantitative finance industry.
Stage 2
National/Regional Round
May 26 to Mid-July, 2026
Qualifying teams from Stage 1 will compete in 2 phases of Stage 2, which will comprise a virtual qualifying round, followed by a virtual or in-person (based on location) final presentation round, to determine who will represent their country, territory or region in the Global Finals.
Stage 3
Global Finals
September 2026
The winning national and regional teams may be invited to compete in-person during a live competition expected to take place in Singapore, which will determine the overall International Quant Championship winning teams.
Be eligible to win cash prizes in Stages 2 and 3, and be considered for WorldQuant BRAIN consultant roles, internship opportunities and more.
Stage 2: National/Regional Round
1st place team: US$3,000
2nd place team: US$2,000
3rd place team: US$1,000
&nbsp;
Stage 3: Global Finals
1st place team: US$20,000
2nd place team: US$12,000
3rd place team: US$8,000
&nbsp;
Participants who perform well may also be considered for BRAIN research consultant, internship or full-time employment opportunities at WorldQuant. Top performing teams may be considered eligible for the above cash prizes (or cash equivalent in jurisdictions where cash prizes are prohibited or restricted by law) to be divided equally among eligible team members.
Please see our official guidelines for applicable rules and restrictions.
How to get started
Step 1
Sign up
Log into the BRAIN platform, become a BRAIN user and register for the 2026 International Quant Championship.
Register now
Step 2
Team up
Reach out to your friends and form a team of 1 to 4 members to compete in the Stage 1 Qualifier Round. All team members must be from the same university.
Step 3
Train
Explore the Learn section on the BRAIN platform, watch the instructional videos and join our exclusive live webinar workshops for International Quant Championship participants.
Step 4
Compete
Start building and submitting alphas on the BRAIN platform using historical financial market data and predefined operators.
Live sessions
Join our exclusive virtual series for International Quant Championship participants to learn how to create alphas using the data sets and operators on the BRAIN platform.
&nbsp;
International Quant Championship Webinar Series
The webinars are also available in English (Singapore/Malaysia) , Korean , Simplified Chinese , Traditional Chinese , Thai and Vietnamese .
Visit the Events page on the BRAIN platform to view the local language webinar and other event schedules.
Introduction about WorldQuant BRAIN and International Quant Championship 2026
Apr 16 at 9:00 AM GMT
Fundamental & Model Data
Apr 23 at 9:00 AM GMT
Price Volume Data
Apr 30 at 9:00 AM GMT
Tips to build submittable Alphas
May 07 at 9:00 AM GMT
D0 Alphas
May 28 at 9:00 AM GMT
Options, Relationship and Vector Datafields
Jun 04 at 9:00 AM GMT
Working with Newly Released Datasets
Jun 11 at 9:00 AM GMT
Frequently asked questions
Who can enter the competition?
Anyone who is 18 years or older may participate in the International Quant Championship (IQC).
While the IQC is open to the general public, there are certain individuals that are prohibited from participating, including:
BRAIN Research Consultants (including those conditionally approved) as of March 16, 2026 (as determined by WorldQuant in its sole discretion);
former VRC or WebSim consultants;
WorldQuant University students or alumni;
former winners (which includes any individual who received a prize in connection therewith) of the Global Alphathon 2022 and/or any prior International Quant Championship organized by WorldQuant (as determined in its sole discretion);
current employees or consultants/contractors of WorldQuant Predictive Technologies LLC (or its affiliates) and/or
current or former employees or consultants/contractors (other than as already indicated herein) of WorldQuant, LLC (or any of its affiliates), are not eligible to participate in the IQC.
*Please refer to the official guidelines for all rules and restrictions .
&nbsp;
How do I enter the competition?
New users can register here . Existing BRAIN users can register here .
Ensure that the option at the bottom of the page is checked: “I am interested in participating in the 2026 International Quant Championship.”
Do I have to pay to participate?
There is no fee to register for a BRAIN account or to participate in the International Quant Championship.
How many winners will be announced?
Any winning teams from the Qualifier Round will be announced before Stage 2 begins.
The 1st, 2nd and 3rd place teams will be announced for each country, territory or region at the conclusion of the Stage 2 National/Regional Round. The top three teams at the conclusion of the Stage 3 Global Finals will be declared winners of the overall competition.
What are the evaluation criteria?
Participants accumulate points by building alphas. Your team will be evaluated on both the quality and the quantity of your alpha submissions.
How many alphas can I submit?
There is no limit to the number of alphas a team or individual team member can submit.
How does the scoring work?
Each qualifying alpha is scored based on its performance against other alphas submitted by the other participants in the International Quant Championship. Because the competition is team-based, the scores for each individual on a team are aggregated to produce a team score.
How do participants advance to each stage of the competition?
Top scoring teams from each round will qualify to move on to the next stage of the competition. The number of teams that move on after each round is progressively smaller, with only 1 or 2 teams qualifying to represent each nation or region in the Global Finals.
How do I form a team?
If you are enrolled in the International Quant Championship and not already on a team, a &#8220;Create Team&#8221; button should be visible when you log into the International Quant Championship page under the Competitions tab in the top navigation bar on the BRAIN platform. You can create a team and invite other BRAIN users to join by entering their email addresses and clicking &#8220;Save Team&#8221;. Note that all team members must be from the same university.
How do I join an existing team?
You will need to be invited by the BRAIN user who created the team. You can find your invitations under the Team tab in the top navigation bar on the BRAIN panel. Upon accepting an invitation, you will immediately be added to that team. Note that all team members must be from the same university.
What is a team of one?
You will need to create a team to participate in the International Quant Championship, but you do not have to invite anyone to join your team. Note that teams with multiple members may have an advantage because you are being evaluated on the quality and quantity of your total alpha submissions.
How can I learn quantitative finance?
The BRAIN platform offers a variety of resources to teach you about quantitative finance, including live webinars , training videos, documentation and the BRAIN community forum.
Who do I contact if I have further questions?
Please reach out to [email&#160;protected] . View full FAQs here .
Additional Questions?
Do you have questions about the International Quant Championship 2026? Contact us at [email&#160;protected] .
Join us
Contact
Careers
BRAIN
Data Exchange
BRAIN Sign In
General Inquiries [email&#160;protected]
[email&#160;protected]
[email&#160;protected]
Our Network WorldQuant Ventures
WorldQuant University
WorldQuant Foundry
Instagram
linkedin
facebook
youtube
Privacy Policy
Terms &#038; Conditions
Whistleblower Protection Statement
Notices
© 2026 WorldQuant, LLC
Close
